my dream is to be able to work in an
international setting and incorporate
international healthcare and medicine
together medical schools is my current
entry might say an ambassador be a
professor of English a publishing
company copywriter for an advertising
company I could see myself in Brazil
traveling with the locals the student
asked me what they're going to do I tell
them whatever they want I had a student
who has just begun at the Department of
Defense as an intelligence analyst I've
got a student who's now working for the
FBI so if students who work in law
enforcement and for the government in
quite demanding and interesting jobs
teaching research actuarial science
trading law school professional schools
biology a go on to work as therapists
they can learn research scientists
industry from well justice oh I have one
of my students students working at sea
SI los angeles and another one at CSI
st. Louis Sherman Russian Hebrew and
then she started working for a newspaper
then worked for another newspaper is now
working for an embassy and all of this I
mean in 45 years patent lawyers
neurosurgeons I just think the sky's the
limit
right when I tell a student that they
can pretty much become anything I get
very mixed opinions because the college
is so broad I'm able to really just
gather a lot of information take courses
that are not related to my major at all
I've taken things in political science
and sociology anthropology business
geography I mean I like that having that
and being able to get kind of different
perspectives synthesizing like proteins
looking at all the all the different
like cellular components stuff that's
really applicable on a real world scale
the research I currently do is in
international healthcare it's developing
programs in rural India I hope to
alleviate malnutrition and malaria
through novel techniques the best
experiences in the classroom usually
come from having a really good professor
sometimes people may look at the U of I
and see like that it's a really big
institution and it's hard to connect
with your professors but I think if you
really make the effort and take the time
to go into their office hours they'll
make that same effort back to be in
touch with you and you can make some
really good contacts we take teaching
very very seriously it's something that
a lot of time spent on it it's not just
a second thought after the research
actually teaching is equivalently
important to the research that
combination means that you get these
world-class infinite opportunities
encapsulated in a place where teaching
is great we're talking about the
exciting developments in our own
research in our own lab so i think we
try to share with them the rigor that we
bring to our subject can also hopefully
spawn creative thoughts on them that
then led to a discussion of the health
care system and at the end of the class
and that was really cool one of the
students came up to me and shook my hand
and said professor Herbert thank you so
much for letting us talk about this
because this really matters to us but
you can still explore this
and this is really what I try to do in
my classes emphasize that something that
you do it's not something that you watch
or you listen to it that you're really
going to do something and by doing
something you're going to change
yourself basically the way research
works in psychology department is a lot
of it is run by undergraduates help out
coding data running subjects there's
tons of opportunities but actually
extracting bacteria that live at about
two or three or four miles depth in the
crust of the earth identifying those
bacteria determining what they do what
they do for a living what do they eat
what do they take in for nutrients
trying to use that information
eventually to understand how to reduce
the impact of oil extraction on the
environment walk down the hallways and
you see professors doors are open and
you can go and I'll come that go and sit
down with that openness and sense of
accessibility is is I think very special
basically it's whatever you want to do
place like Illinois can offer to you
I want to get outside my comfort zone
and achieve everything that I can what
I've learned here not just in my classes
through my coursework but outside of my
classes whether it's in the community or
abroad will definitely be able to to
help me not only seek out new
opportunities but actually be able to
participate and whatever I do take part
and do it well this is the College of
Liberal Arts and Sciences where I'm
inventing where I did mention i'm
inventing my future
you